echo compiling with GNU C
echo main-.c
gcc -c -w -fsigned-char -O2 -ffast-math -fomit-frame-pointer main-.c
echo main-0.c
gcc -c -w -fsigned-char -O2 -ffast-math -fomit-frame-pointer main-0.c
echo eu.c
gcc -c -w -fsigned-char -O2 -ffast-math -fomit-frame-pointer eu.c
echo misc.c
gcc -c -w -fsigned-char -O2 -ffast-math -fomit-frame-pointer misc.c
echo wildcard.c
gcc -c -w -fsigned-char -O2 -ffast-math -fomit-frame-pointer wildcard.c
echo machine.c
gcc -c -w -fsigned-char -O2 -ffast-math -fomit-frame-pointer machine.c
echo print.c
gcc -c -w -fsigned-char -O2 -ffast-math -fomit-frame-pointer print.c
echo sprint.c
gcc -c -w -fsigned-char -O2 -ffast-math -fomit-frame-pointer sprint.c
echo global.c
gcc -c -w -fsigned-char -O2 -ffast-math -fomit-frame-pointer global.c
echo error.c
gcc -c -w -fsigned-char -O2 -ffast-math -fomit-frame-pointer error.c
echo symtab.c
gcc -c -w -fsigned-char -O2 -ffast-math -fomit-frame-pointer symtab.c
echo symtab_0.c
gcc -c -w -fsigned-char -O2 -ffast-math -fomit-frame-pointer symtab_0.c
echo scanner.c
gcc -c -w -fsigned-char -O2 -ffast-math -fomit-frame-pointer scanner.c
echo scanne_0.c
gcc -c -w -fsigned-char -O2 -ffast-math -fomit-frame-pointer scanne_0.c
echo file.c
gcc -c -w -fsigned-char -O2 -ffast-math -fomit-frame-pointer file.c
echo sort.c
gcc -c -w -fsigned-char -O2 -ffast-math -fomit-frame-pointer sort.c
echo emit.c
gcc -c -w -fsigned-char -O2 -ffast-math -fomit-frame-pointer emit.c
echo emit_0.c
gcc -c -w -fsigned-char -O2 -ffast-math -fomit-frame-pointer emit_0.c
echo emit_1.c
gcc -c -w -fsigned-char -O2 -ffast-math -fomit-frame-pointer emit_1.c
echo parser.c
gcc -c -w -fsigned-char -O2 -ffast-math -fomit-frame-pointer parser.c
echo parser_0.c
gcc -c -w -fsigned-char -O2 -ffast-math -fomit-frame-pointer parser_0.c
echo parser_1.c
gcc -c -w -fsigned-char -O2 -ffast-math -fomit-frame-pointer parser_1.c
echo parser_2.c
gcc -c -w -fsigned-char -O2 -ffast-math -fomit-frame-pointer parser_2.c
echo parser_3.c
gcc -c -w -fsigned-char -O2 -ffast-math -fomit-frame-pointer parser_3.c
echo parser_4.c
gcc -c -w -fsigned-char -O2 -ffast-math -fomit-frame-pointer parser_4.c
echo parser_5.c
gcc -c -w -fsigned-char -O2 -ffast-math -fomit-frame-pointer parser_5.c
echo parser_6.c
gcc -c -w -fsigned-char -O2 -ffast-math -fomit-frame-pointer parser_6.c
echo execute.c
gcc -c -w -fsigned-char -O2 -ffast-math -fomit-frame-pointer execute.c
echo execut_0.c
gcc -c -w -fsigned-char -O2 -ffast-math -fomit-frame-pointer execut_0.c
echo execut_1.c
gcc -c -w -fsigned-char -O2 -ffast-math -fomit-frame-pointer execut_1.c
echo execut_2.c
gcc -c -w -fsigned-char -O2 -ffast-math -fomit-frame-pointer execut_2.c
echo execut_3.c
gcc -c -w -fsigned-char -O2 -ffast-math -fomit-frame-pointer execut_3.c
echo execut_4.c
gcc -c -w -fsigned-char -O2 -ffast-math -fomit-frame-pointer execut_4.c
echo execut_5.c
gcc -c -w -fsigned-char -O2 -ffast-math -fomit-frame-pointer execut_5.c
echo dll.c
gcc -c -w -fsigned-char -O2 -ffast-math -fomit-frame-pointer dll.c
echo get.c
gcc -c -w -fsigned-char -O2 -ffast-math -fomit-frame-pointer get.c
echo sequencef.c
gcc -c -w -fsigned-char -O2 -ffast-math -fomit-frame-pointer sequencef.c
echo main.c
gcc -c -w -fsigned-char -O2 -ffast-math -fomit-frame-pointer main.c
echo pathopen.c
gcc -c -w -fsigned-char -O2 -ffast-math -fomit-frame-pointer pathopen.c
echo init-.c
gcc -c -w -fsigned-char -O2 -ffast-math -fomit-frame-pointer init-.c
echo linking
gcc  eu.o main-.o main-0.o misc.o wildcard.o machine.o print.o sprint.o global.o error.o symtab.o symtab_0.o scanner.o scanne_0.o file.o sort.o emit.o emit_0.o emit_1.o parser.o parser_0.o parser_1.o parser_2.o parser_3.o parser_4.o parser_5.o parser_6.o execute.o execut_0.o execut_1.o execut_2.o execut_3.o execut_4.o execut_5.o dll.o get.o sequencef.o main.o pathopen.o init-.o  /usr/local/lib/ecu.a -lm  -ldl -pthread -oeu
echo you can now execute: ./eu
